[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the movie spoiler alerts today we're
talking about the 2014 science fiction
monster film Godzilla so let's get
started the film opens in 1999 with
scientists investigating a colossal
skeleton on earth and a collapsed mine
in the Philippines they find two giant
spores one dorman and one hatched with a
trail leading out to sea in Japan a
nuclear power plant experiences an
unusual seismic activity and it is
destroyed supervisor Joe Brody loses his
wife in the reactor breach 15 years
later Joe's son Ford a u.s. Navy
explosive expert must depart for Japan
after his father Joe is detained for
trespassing into the quarantine zone Joe
persuades Ford to accompany him to their
old home in the quarantine zone to
retrieve vital data they successfully
retrieved the data but are discovered by
soldiers and taken to a secret facility
in the power plants ruins after several
power failures a giant winged creature
emerges and escapes destroying the
facility Joe is severely wounded and
dies the incident is reported around the
world as just an earthquake Ford joins
the search for the creature named a Muto
or a massive unidentified terrestrial
organism it is revealed to Ford that in
1954 a deep sea expedition triggered the
appearance of Godzilla a massive lizard
monster with a belief preys on the
Muto's Ford reveals that Joe had
monitored echolocation signals that
indicated the Muto was communicating
with something most likely a second Muto
Muto's feet off nuclear energy and the
Muto attacks a Russian submarine and
drops it on to land in Hawaii to eat the
subs nuclear material Godzilla arrives
causing a tsunami in Honolulu and
briefly engages the Moodle in battle
until it flees meanwhile a second larger
wingless Muto emerges from the other
spore Nevada and devastates Las Vegas
the scientists deduce that the second
Muto is female and the two Muto's will
breed in San Francisco nuclear warheads
are used to lure and destroy the
monsters Ford returns the US and
the team delivering the warheads by
train but the female Muto intercepts the
train and devours most of the warheads a
single warhead is remaining and is
airlifted with Ford to San Francisco to
be activated after a confrontation
between the military and Godzilla at the
Golden Gate Bridge the male Muto steals
the warhead and takes it to the female
who forms a nest around it in the
Chinatown area while Godzilla and the
Muto's battle a strike team including
Ford enters the city to find and disarm
the warhead unable to access the timer
the rest of the team sets the warhead on
a boat for disposal at sea the Muto's
are eventually able to get the upper
hand but Ford blows up the Muto nest
ultimately distracting the Muto's long
enough for Godzilla to emerge victorious
killing both the Muto's Godzilla then
collapses on the city shore with the
rest of the team wiped out Ford uses the
last of his energy to get the boat with
the warhead out to sea he is rescued
just before the warhead explodes and
reunites with his family the following
morning godzilla awakens rising up from
the destroyed San Francisco and returns
to sea so that was the spoilers for
Godzilla if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching
[Music]